{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15720\viewh11340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <header id="header" class="clearfix" style="background-color: #0f4b2f;">\
<style>.second-nav li.has-child span:after \{ z-index: 0;\} </style>\
        <div class="container">\
            <h1 class="logo"><a href="/"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/logo.png", alt: "Copenhagen Schools" %></a></h1>\
\
            <nav id="left-nav" class="nav" role="navigation">\
                <div class="menu-btn"><span>MENU</span>\
                    <div class="menu-wrap">\
                        <ul class="first-nav clearfix">\
\
                            <li class="live-feed">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/live_feed" : "/live_feed"%>>\
                <span><%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/feed-icon.png' %></span>\
                <div class="section">LIVE FEED</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
                            <li class="news">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/news" : "/news"%>>\
             <span>   <%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/news-icon.png' %> </span>\
                <div class="section">NEWS</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
                            <li class="events">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/events" : "/events"%>>\
                <span>    <%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/events.png' %> </span>\
                    <div class="section">EVENTS</div>\
                </a>\
                            </li>\
\
\
                            <li class="staff">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/staff" : "/staff"%>>\
                <span><%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/staff.png' %></span>\
                <div class="section">STAFF</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
                            <li class="dining">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/dining" : "/dining"%>>\
                <span><%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/dining.png' %></span>\
                <div class="section">Cafeteria</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
\
                            <li class="documents">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/documents" : "/documents"%>>\
                <span><%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/documents.png' %> </span>\
                <div class="section">DOCUMENTS</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
\
                            <li class="athletics">\
                                <a href=<%=params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/athletics" : "/athletics"%>>\
               <span> <%= image_tag 'apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/menu/athletics.png' %></span>\
                <div class="section">ATHLETICS</div>\
            </a>\
                            </li>\
\
                        </ul>\
\
                    <ul class="second-nav">\
            <% current_pages.roots.navigation_pages.each do |page| %>\
                <li>\
                    <span>\
                      <% if page.header? %>\
                        <%= page.name.upcase %>\
                      <% else %>\
                        <a href=<%= page.page_link? ? "#\{page.url\}" : "/#\{page.slug\}" %> >\
                          <%= page.name.upcase %>\
                      </a>\
                      <% end %>\
                    </span>\
                    <% if page.children.any? %>\
                        <ul>\
                            <% page.children.order(:position).each do |subpage| %>\
                                <li>\
                                    <a href=<%= subpage.page_link? ? "#\{subpage.url\}" : "/#\{subpage.slug\}" %> target=<%= '_blank' if subpage.page_link? %> >\
                                        <%= subpage.name %>\
                                    </a>\
                                </li>\
                            <% end %>\
                        </ul>\
                    <% end %>\
                </li>\
\
            <% end %>\
        </ul>\
 \
                        <span class="menu-close"></span>\
                    </div>\
                </div>\
            </nav>\
\
            <div class="social-icons">\
                <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Copenhagen-Central-School-283513831673056/" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/fb-icon.png", alt: "Facebook" %></a>\
                <a href="https://twitter.com/copen_knights" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/tw-icon.png", alt: "Twitter" %></a>\
\
 <a href="https://canvas.instructure.com/login/canvas" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/canvas.png", alt: "Canvas" %></a>\
\
                <a href="https://launchpad.classlink.com/ccsknights" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/crest.png", alt: "Copenhagen Portal" %></a>\
                <a href="https://mail.ccsknights.org/owa/auth/logon.aspx?url=https://mail.ccsknights.org/owa/&reason=0" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/email.png", alt: " Email" %></a>\
            </div>\
\
        </div>\
    </header>}