{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <footer id="footer">\
        <div class="container clearfix">\
            <div class="footer-col">\
                <h5>Find us here</h5>\
                <p>3020 Mechanic Street\
                    <br>Copenhagen, NY 13626\
                    <br>Phone: 315-688-4411 </p>\
            </div>\
            <div class="footer-col">\
                <h5>explore</h5>\
                <ul class="footer-links">\
                    <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/live_feed" : "/live_feed"  %>>Live Feed</a></li>\
                    <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/news" : "/news"  %>>News</a></li>\
                    <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/events" : "/events"  %>>Events</a></li>\
\
                </ul>\
            </div>\
            <div class="footer-col">\
                <h5>&nbsp;</h5>\
<ul class="footer-links">\
                    <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/staff" : "/staff"  %>>Our Staff</a></li>\
                   <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/dining" : "/dining"  %>>Dining</a>\
</li>               \
                    <li><a href=<%= params[:org].present? ? "/o/#\{params[:org]\}/documents" : "/documents"  %>>Documents</a></li>  \
</ul>\
            </div>\
            <div class="footer-col social-icons">\
                <h5>stay connected</h5>\
                <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Copenhagen-Central-School-283513831673056/" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/fb-icon.png", alt: "Facebook" %></a>\
                <a href="https://twitter.com/copen_knights" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/tw-icon.png", alt: "Twitter" %></a>\
                <a href="https://launchpad.classlink.com/ccsknights" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/crest.png", alt: "Portal" %></a>\
                <a href="https://mail.ccsknights.org/owa/auth/logon.aspx?url=https://mail.ccsknights.org/owa/&reason=0" target="_blank"><%= image_tag "apptegy_cms/themes/copenhagenny/email.png", alt: "Email" %></a>\
            </div>\
            <div class="footer-col last">\
                <a href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/copenhagen-school-district/id1143199899?ls=1&mt=8" class="app-store">Download on the App Store</a>\
                <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apptegy.copenhagen" class="google-play">Get it on Google play</a> \
            </div>\
        </div>\
        <div class="container copyright">\
            <p>Copyright &copy; 2016. All Rights Reserved. Powered by <a style ="color: #ccc" href="http://www.apptegy.com">apptegy.</a></p>\
        </div>\
    </footer>}